Brice johnson: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you today.
Brice johnson: Good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. Listen. This shouldn't take us very long. OK.
OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, so I'm just going to ask you a series of questions. Okay. What we're doing is it's called a bps so it's a bio psych bio psychosocial
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A little bit of your history. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So what brings you to treatment and why now.
Brice johnson: Um, I had some surgery and I was in quite a bit of pain. And so I was unable to see my my doctor because I work out of town. So I Googled online doctors and a bright heart health came up and
Brice johnson: He that's how that happened. Okay. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, and do you have a history of substances.
Brice johnson: Substance, you are. Yeah, back when I was
Brice johnson: 17 I did. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what was that like, can you tell me a little bit about it.
Brice johnson: Yeah, so I had had six shoulder surgeries, from the time I was 13 until I was 17 and the doctors were obviously prescribing me a lot of pain medication and
Brice johnson: And when I finally got better. I was physically addicted to it. So when they, you know, quit PRESCRIBING IT TO ME. I got sick and then
Brice johnson: That's when I learned I was physically addicted to it and ended up going to rehab. When I was 18 for it to just get off of it. And that was it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And nothing sense
Brice johnson: No, not until not until I had my most recent surgery.
Brice johnson: Yeah, I'm 26 now and I had a I have my most recent surgery on my thumb and I didn't really want to have normal painkillers, just because I've been down that road. So
Brice johnson: My sister told me that the buprenorphine was a lot better treatment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. And is it working or have you been on it yet. Yeah.
Brice johnson: Yeah, I've been on it seems to be working great. Okay, good. That in combination with the the gel that you rub on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What kind of gel.
Brice johnson: It's a, it's kind of like I forget the name of it, but it's kind of like ibuprofen. It's like, but you rub it right on.
Brice johnson: right on the spot that's or yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like lighter Durham, or something like that.
Brice johnson: That's not the name of it, but
Brice johnson: I actually have it right here.
Brice johnson: It is
Brice johnson: This slow Phoenix sodium topical Joe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did the doctor prescribe that to to
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so the precipitating event for your pain was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: several surgeries that you've had.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No pain and the surgery, you just had on your thumb.
Brice johnson: Yes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It and you just told me that you went to treatment to get off of the opiates for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The physical addiction.
Brice johnson: Yes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And any mental health.
Brice johnson: No. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any history of suicide attempts thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any self harm.
In your history.
Brice johnson: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the next piece of this is wanting to know what your family like was growing up. So the questions are what was your family. Like, were you adopted, did you have siblings.
Brice johnson: Yeah together.
Brice johnson: Yeah, two bands and two siblings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A brother a boy or girl older or younger.
Brice johnson: Sisters older. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And anybody in your family suffer from mental health or substance abuse or gambling or anything like that.
Brice johnson: Pretty much everyone at one point was, substance abuse, okay. Most of most of them were amphetamines. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you've never experienced
Brice johnson: No, okay. No. After seeing that I was never going near that stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good. Um, okay. And then the next piece of this goes even farther back and it just wants to know what was school like for you. Did you complete
Brice johnson: completed high school I played sports.
Brice johnson: Obviously it was rough with all the surgeries. I was having I missed quite a bit of school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you graduate. Yeah.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let's see any learning disabilities. No. Um, let's see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The next question is, is kind of a broad question. So any events in your childhood that stood out in your neighborhood with your family with your friends.
Brice johnson: Uh, not really. I mean,
Brice johnson: It was just normal for yeah I mean just my way of life. It was all I ever knew. So it seems seem to be pretty normal at the time. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you didn't serve in the military.
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because of your surgeries.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have any legal issues right now.
Brice johnson: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any financial stressors.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay. And are you currently in a relationship or Mary
Brice johnson: Yeah, Mary okay for natural stress. I just bought a house. So that's always
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have any kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. Okay. And it's just you and your wife that live in the home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah okay, going back a little bit to your two surgeries. Can you can't just kind of give me a little brief history of when you had your first surgery, what age and
Brice johnson: Yeah, so I have my first surgery when I was
Brice johnson: 13 after I'd had about 14 shoulder dislocations.
Brice johnson: Had that surgery, it was good for about two years.
Dislocated my shoulder.
Brice johnson: They did a quite a bit of damage. They did another surgery I dislocated my shoulder again had another surgery.
Brice johnson: Went four years without dislocating it dislocated it three more times and severely injured it and then they did something called the Bristow procedure where they took cadaver bone and screwed it into mine, my
Brice johnson: My socket and
Brice johnson: That was probably the most painful and I had, and that one I was off work for about a year.
Brice johnson: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kim, when was that
Brice johnson: When I was 18 I think now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me about your thumb. What happened with your thumb.
I
Brice johnson: I helped with helping my neighbor sure pig got loose and it was 1000 pound pig.
Brice johnson: And it was on the freeway at 11 at night and I ran to try and push it out of the way, because it was going to get hit by a car.
Brice johnson: And it turned at 10 and to me as I was pushing in it snapped my thumb sideways and I popped it back in and I worked for about eight months, like that. But it just kept popping out. And finally, I went to the doctor and they they said I had a ruptured a
Brice johnson: Owner collateral ligament, I think, is what it was called
Brice johnson: And so they did surgery and they put a few screws in. And some cadaver ligaments and I wish I never would have got that surgery.
Brice johnson: It her way worse than the actual injury.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: mishap.
Brice johnson: I was about seven months ago, I think, and they told me. It might take a year to heal. But I didn't
Brice johnson: I didn't really think they were serious. I guess.
Brice johnson: Yeah, it's, it's probably the most painful surgery. I've had. Because it, it just never stops hurting. It's a constant.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pain throbbing or sharp pain or
Brice johnson: Um, it depends on if I'm using it or not, it's kind of more throbbing if I'm not using it too much. But while I'm working. It can be stabbing burning, it's, it's a
Brice johnson: It's starting to get better though. I can feel it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're the buprenorphine helps with the pain level.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The next piece is, can you tell me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What was the very first drug that you're ever exposed to.
Brice johnson: Um, it would have just been
Brice johnson: Norco
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And that was when you had your surgery.
Brice johnson: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, no marijuana use or
Brice johnson: I tried it. I'm from Humboldt County, so
Brice johnson: It's known for that, you know, I tried it, it wasn't really my thing. I didn't like it. It makes me feel like an elephant sitting on my chest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when did you try it.
Brice johnson: A PROBLEM WHEN I WAS 16
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, no alcohol use.
Brice johnson: A drink beer. Occasionally, but never anything serious I'll have beer with my friends when we're watching a football game that's about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In when were you first. When did you first start drinking
Brice johnson: Uh,
Brice johnson: Probably when I was 1718
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm just trying to expand on the questions is all and get as much information as I can.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For. Is there anything that you think that I missed that. It's important for us to know about you.
Brice johnson: Know,
Brice johnson: Not really.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, why you're engaged and bright heart. What are some of the things that you would like to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Learn about
Brice johnson: Nothing really. I just, I was just on it more for the pain treatment and
Brice johnson: I'm hoping within the next couple months, I can be off of the buprenorphine. I'm hoping my thumb. Oh, I mean, I'm getting close to that year mark so I'm hoping that they're right in that pretty quick here. I should start feeling significantly better
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so your plan is to just work with bright heart. And then when you get closer to a year kind of take try to taper off to see if
Brice johnson: Yeah, I would like to, I would like to not be on anything is my my
Brice johnson: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I think that I have everything I need. Oh, what other, are you in any other medication.
Brice johnson: Um, yeah. Propranolol
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's for
Brice johnson: My heart. Sometimes it beats too fast. Until I take that one. It's going too fast and it slows it back down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any other medical
Brice johnson: I had, I was diagnosed with hyperthyroidism.
Brice johnson: So that's why they thought my, my heart beats fast, but now my thyroid levels are normal. And my heart still beats fast so that my doctors have done all kinds of tests and they really don't know why my heart beats fast.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Everything, everything was more is
Brice johnson: Lower levels were normal and everything. They put a heart monitor on me and they came to the conclusion. Yes, your heart beats faster. We don't know why.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No heart murmurs or
Brice johnson: Anything like that.
Brice johnson: Excuse me. I've had a cold. I keep talking up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay, don't worry. Not a big deal. Okay, so you're on the propane and all your on buprenorphine. Yeah, me and you're on a pain relieving cream that works.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay, and what is a dose of your Suboxone
Brice johnson: They put me on the patches. Okay, I'm on 20 micrograms per hour.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the past, isn't working.
Brice johnson: Yeah, it seems to give me they started me off on the pills and I really didn't like it because it was kind of too much. It would be like, it was only the two milligram ones, but it would give me a really, it would like
Brice johnson: I don't know. It fluctuated the levels too much. I didn't like it. And we went to the patches and it's a nice, you know, it doesn't make give me a high low thing and it seems to help the pain so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good. Okay. Yeah. All right. And are you engaged in any pain management groups here.
Brice johnson: Uh, no. Okay. And I was, I was gonna that they call me and they wanted me to do the group, but I'm a form in of an electrical company.
Brice johnson: And I can barely find time to even have the appointments and when I joined. They never said the group thing was, was a thing.
Brice johnson: Because I, I can barely get time for my appointment. So if I keep having to, you know, like take time off to do the appointments. I'm, you know, I don't want to lose my job. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are the hours that you work.
Brice johnson: So it fluctuates right now I'm running a night job and a day job. So this week I'm doing the night job and the next week I'm going back two days and it just kind of fluctuates
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Goes back and forth.
Brice johnson: Depending on what job I'm running.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what doctor he working with
Brice johnson: Dr Nasser
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, alright, cool and I will reach out to him, him and I are in a couple of groups together and see what kind of game plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that he wants to do with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then you and him can discuss what that really is going to look like. But generally, when when you're in any kind of pain management group or program, you know, you've got to check in on a regular basis with the doctor.
Brice johnson: Make sure that, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Brice johnson: I'm fine with a doctor, but they were saying that I had to do an additional group. And I'm like, Well, I'm already seeing my doctor. Why do I need to go to a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Domain management group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it's just a support group. And a lot of times the doctors check in with the clients during the first part of the group and see how their pain level is see how you know the medications working other any physical issues that are coming up with the meds at your on that.
Brice johnson: Stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The same thing that you would do in an individual with him. It's not so extensive
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The
Brice johnson: Now, if I could just do that the individual because it it's
Brice johnson: Like I said, I have to take time away from my my job and
Brice johnson: I just one would be great for me, Scott. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, and what tell me what days are off.
Brice johnson: Saturday, Sunday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, my hairstyle down and
Brice johnson: It depends. Those because sometimes it's just Sunday. Right now I'm working five hours away from my house so Saturday I drive home.
Brice johnson: And have Sunday off and then I leave Sunday night drive back so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The schedule and how many hours do you work in a day.
Brice johnson: 10s right now.
Brice johnson: Yeah jammed you work until it's done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and what can I ask, what do you do
Brice johnson: I'm an electrician.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right, perfect. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm gonna let you go and get back to work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have a conference call with Dr. NASA and we'll just kind of go from there.
Brice johnson: Okay, I have a meeting a appointment with him. Monday at 340
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect. And so I'll send the email letting him know that your bio cycle is done and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just kind of discuss give him some of the issues that you guys. That way you guys can discuss them on Monday to
Brice johnson: Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, all right, you have a great day.
Brice johnson: You too. Bye bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay bye guys